Enhance the Retry Middleware Documentation (#5298)
containous/traefik: docs/content/middlewares/retry.md

`TODO: add schema`

> Retry to send request if it can't reach any backend server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Retry middleware is in charge of reissuing a request a given number of times to a backend server if that server does not reply.
```

> So it will not retry if a server answers regardless of the status of the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be clear, as soon as the server answers, the middleware stops retrying, regardless of the response status.
```
